Add email address to SECURITY.md (#4)
canada-ca/a11y: SECURITY.md

# Security

> **Do not post any security issues on the public repository!** Security vulnerabilities must be reported by email to [ssc.aaact-aatia-spc@canada.ca](mailto:ssc.aaact-aatia-spc@canada.ca?subject=GitHub - Digital Accessibility Hub SECURITY)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Do not post any security issues on the public repository!** Security vulnerabilities must be reported by email to [ssc.aaact-aatia-spc@canada.ca](mailto:ssc.aaact-aatia-spc@canada.ca?subject=GitHub%20-%20Digital%20Accessibility%20Hub%20SECURITY)
```
